Robin better i'll be on my back computer
Robin I told you not to use my back
Ameer that is no I did I don't tell you
Dan you're sitting right in the chair
and I think I'm done with your excuses
Robin what were you typing anyway no I'm
not even gonna ask already you see just
get out of my chair now Oh fine ah
that's what you call swag Robin why Kate
yogurt and check their baggage stupid
hold itself I need you to help in and
break me out of here if you create the
distraction all right ivy we got you
covered another eruption of time come on
what is it distant Robin this is bad the
joker harley quinn the rather have
teamed out to make a death fun house
come on we gotta go ok good we got the
bait for the piranhas come here you good
so Oh Batman what a surprise but I don't
see you smiling here let me help you on
douche bag oh I'm free
it'll save it up I mention we take them
to the hospital know who cares about
them well get on Robin oh yeah it's free
get on wow I don't have all day well I
mean what happened well Robin doesn't
look pretty obvious yeah